Welcome back everyone to this section on advanced cycle topics.
Basically this section consists of a variety of topics that didn't really fit in well the flow from
the previous sections because they don't actually need to be learned in any particular order.
So we're gonna be talking about first is a variety of functions will first deal of timestamps and the
extract function just a variety of functions and tools available dealing with things like dates and
times and then we'll talk about various math functions and then we'll talk about some string functions.
After that we'll learn about two separate topics.
One will be the sub query basically a query within a query and then we'll also talk about a self join.
Let's go ahead and get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.